
Release 0.11.0 of SOAPpy
------------------------

- New/Changed configuration settings:

  - Config.unwrap_results=1 now converts all SOAPpy objects into basic
  Python types (list, dictionary, tuple, double, float, etc.).  This
  includes converting faultTypes into raised exceptions.  By default,
  Config.unwrap_results=0.

  - Config.dict_encoding='ascii' converts the keys of dictionaries
  (e.g. created when Config.unwrap_results=1) to ascii == plain python
  strings instead of unicode strings.  This variable can be set to any
  encoding known to string.encode().

  - Config.strict_range=1 forces the SOAP parsing routines to perform
  range checks on recieved SOAP float and double objects.  When
  Config.strict_range=0, the default, parsing does not perform range
  checking.  In either case, range checking is performed when
  generating SOAP float and double objects.

- Fixes for WSDLProxy.

- Scripts in the test/ directory 

  - Verbose debugging messages have been turned off..

  - SOAPtest.py now functions when Config.unwrap_results=1

  - SOAPtest.py now sets Config.strict_range=1 so that range
    checks are be properly tested.

  - New README file listing what test scripts fail and why.


Release 0.10.4 of SOAPpy 
------------------------

Dramatic performance improvements for large data transfers.

Release 0.10.1 of SOAPpy 
------------------------

only minor changes

1) Code now uses a single file to store version number

2) Client and server now report 'SOAPpy' as the server/user-agent.

3) All test scripts now use the local SOAPpy source instead of the
   globally installed version.

Release 0.10.0 of SOAPpy 
------------------------

Enhancements:

1) The new name handling mechanism has been enabled by default.  

   The primary purpose of this release is to allow users to test this
   to see if it causes problems.  Please take the time to do so.  If
   there are no problems reported by April 15, 2003, 0.9.9 will be
   released with this feature enabled by default.

   Note that running a client under an old release of SOAPpy and a
   server under this release will be likely to generate errors due to
   the different name handling mechanisms.

2) MS-Windows systems should now be fully supported.  

   This required implementing a new module, ieee754, which provides
   functions for detecting and generating IEEE 754 special floating
   point values (+Inf, -Inf, NaN) which are not properly handled by
   the Windows implementation of the float() function.

3) Code reorganization: The huge file SOAPpy/SOAP.py (4,122 lines,
   131K) has been split into 10 separate files. In addition code
   shared with ZSI has been moved into a separate subdirectory and a
   separate CVS module.

4) Fixed bug 678239 which caused loss of namespace information in the
   client.

5) Mark Bucciarelli's <mark@hubcapconsulting.com> has ported client
   support for WSDL from ZSI, as well as providing a mechanism for
   SOAPpy servers to provide WSDL on properly structured .GET
   requests.

6) Added ThreadingSOAPServer which inherits from ThreadingTCPServer
   server so that multiple clients will be automatically multiplexed.


See the changelog for a detailed list of changes from previous releases.
